Revise the positionConfig contents (#650)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/50 Common/Object Structures/positionConfig/collision/collision.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Specifies how to resolve collisions between the overlay and the [boundary](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/positionConfig/#boundary) elements.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what you mean by "resolve collisions".
Do you mean:
Specifies how to prevent the overlap of [boundary](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/positionConfig/#boundary) elements.

If not, please suggest a revised version.

Author: ```suggestion
Specifies what to do when the overlay element exceeds the [boundary](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/positionConfig/#boundary) element.
```

Reviewer: How about something like this:
Specifies how to resolve a collision - when an overlay element exceeds its [boundary](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/positionConfig/#boundary).

---

> Collisions occur whenever the specified position causes the overlay element to exceed the boundaries.

Reviewer: Do you mean:
Overlap occurs when the specified position causes an overlay element to exceed its boundaries.

If not, please suggest a revised version.

Author: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer: Can we say:
A collision occurs when a specified position causes an overlay element to exceed its boundary.

> You can use the following collision resolution algorithms:

Reviewer: Are you sure "collision" is the correct technical term in this context?

Author: ```suggestion
The following actions are available:
```

- *"flip"*      

> Move the overlay element to the opposite side of the [target](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/positionConfig/#of) if there is more available space there.

Reviewer: Can we say:
Move an overlay element to the opposite side of the [target] (/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/positionConfig/#of) (if space is available).

Author: It is important that the opposite side should provide **more** space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Move the overlay element to the opposite side of the [target](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/positionConfig/#of) if that side has more space.
```

- *"fit"*       

> Move the overlay element to the inside of the [boundary](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/positionConfig/#boundary) element.

Reviewer: Can we say:
Move an overlay element to the inside of a [boundary](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/positionConfig/#boundary) element.

Author: We introduce the overlay, the boundary, and the target in [positionConfig.md](https://github.com/DevExpress/devextreme-documentation/pull/650/files#diff-b5d93ec0414be74b0e69e0cbe92bb012). I think it should be a definite article elsewhere.

Reviewer: Okay, your original version is fine then.

- *"flipfit"*       

> Apply first *"flip"*, then *"fit"*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First apply *"flip"*, then *"fit"*.
```

- *"none"*      

> Ignore the collision.

Reviewer: Is "collision" the correct technical term

Author: ```suggestion
Ignore the boundary element.
```

> To set the **collision** option, use an object with the **x** and **y** fields. **x** specifies how to resolve collisions that occur in the horizontal direction, and **y** specifies the same in the vertical direction. Alternatively, you can use one of the string shortcuts listed in the accepted values.

Reviewer: Can you be more specific than "use an object with the **x** and **y** fields"
(See my previous similar comments above)

Also, for the second sentence can we say:
**x** specifies how to resolve horizontal collisions and **y** specifies vertical collisions.

For the third sentence:
Alternatively, you can use a string shortcut from the accepted values list.

Author: > Can you be more specific than "use an object with the x and y fields"

I elaborate on the field values in the sentence that follows. Is it okay if I use the same structure for other similar entries?

```suggestion
To set the **collision** option, use an object with the **x** and **y** fields. These fields specify how to resolve horizontal and vertical collisions, respectively. Alternatively, you can use a string shortcut from the accepted values list.
```

Reviewer: Okay, please apply it to the other entries as well.
